README.md, before:

cloud-to-butt
=============

![](logo.png)

Chrome extension that replaces occurrences of 'the cloud' with 'my butt'

[Direct download of crx file](https://github.com/panicsteve/cloud-to-butt/blob/master/CloudToButt.crx?raw=true)

Note that there are forks of this extension that simply replace 'cloud' with 'butt'.
In my personal opinion, that approach is too broad and it's less funny as a result, but it is clearly a very
polarizing issue in the cloud-to-butt user community.  Forks are free to do whatever they like.  But officially, _this_ extension replaces only the phrase described above, and therefore it did not replace your cloudflare URLs with buttflare URLs. Thank you for your concern.

Screenshot Gallery
------------------

http://www.flickr.com/groups/cloud-to-butt/

Installation
------------

In Chrome, choose Window > Extensions.  Drag CloudToButt.crx into the page that appears.

Safari Version
--------------

Can be found here: https://github.com/logancollins/cloud-to-butt-safari

Firefox Version
---------------

Can be found here: https://github.com/DaveRandom/cloud-to-butt-mozilla


Opera Version
---------------

Can be found here: https://github.com/DaveRandom/cloud-to-butt-opera

Commit message:

Converts horst link to crab

README.md, after:

# cloud-to-butt

![](logo.png)

Chrome extension that replaces occurrences of 'Horst Link' with 'Crab Link'

[Direct download of crx file](https://github.com/panicsteve/cloud-to-butt/blob/master/CloudToButt.crx?raw=true)

Note that there are forks of this extension that simply replace 'cloud' with 'butt'.
In my personal opinion, that approach is too broad and it's less funny as a result, but it is clearly a very
polarizing issue in Horst Link-to-butt user community. Forks are free to do whatever they like. But officially, _this_ extension replaces only the phrase described above, and therefore it did not replace your cloudflare URLs with buttflare URLs. Thank you for your concern.

## Screenshot Gallery

http://www.flickr.com/groups/cloud-to-butt/

## Installation

In Chrome, choose Window > Extensions. Drag CloudToButt.crx into the page that appears.

## Safari Version

Can be found here: https://github.com/logancollins/cloud-to-butt-safari

## Firefox Version

Can be found here: https://github.com/DaveRandom/cloud-to-butt-mozilla

## Opera Version

Can be found here: https://github.com/DaveRandom/cloud-to-butt-opera
